Fix HTTP Security policies when OIDC tenant is selected with the @Tenant annotation on Jakarta REST resources (#38772)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-openid-connect-multitenancy.adoc

----
<1> The `io.quarkus.oidc.Tenant` annotation must be placed on either the resource class or resource method.

[[TIP]]
In the example above, authentication of the `sayHello` endpoint is enforced with the `@Authenticated` annotation.

> Alternatively, you can define the xref:security-authorize-web-endpoints-reference.adoc#authorization-using-configuration[HTTP Security policy] like in the example below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, if you use an xref:security-authorize-web-endpoints-reference.adoc#authorization-using-configuration[HTTP Security policy] to secure the endpoint, then, for the `@Tenant` annotation be effective,  you must delay this policy's permission check as shown in the example below:
```

Author: I've tried to avoid using word `delay` as I think there can be negative feeling about _delaying security policies_ but it's true, that was it does and your suggestion makes things clearer, so I'll change it. Thank you
